A Ford car is making a right turn as 3 males are walking across the street behind the car.
A car proceeding straight as pedestrians walked across the road in back of it.
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation.
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation as construction occurs.
A young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air.
A young boy is playing in the field because his mother kicked him out of the house.
A man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.
A man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up the old meat he took out of a bag.
A man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.
A woman in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.
A man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.
A man in a shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.
Two people are playing American Football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball.
A pitcher throws the baseball to the batter as he attempts to hit it out of the park.
A man is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him.
A man is playing an instrument on the street near other people.
One young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down, with five adults in front of him, one operating a video camera.
Someone recording a young boy as he auditions for a part in a movie.
A crowd is watching a group of men in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a woman holding a sign.
A group of people dressed as clowns stroll into the Bigtop Circus holding signs.
A young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti.
A young man in a blue hoodie falls off a half-wall that is painted nicely.
A golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd of people watching in the background.
The golfer is getting ready to putt on the green, with a crowd watching in the background.
A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti.
A long-haired boy riding his skateboard at a fast pace over a stone wall with graffiti.
A man in a black shirt and brown pants is jumping in the air performing a karate kick towards a man in a red shirt and black hat.
Two women dressed in opposing team colors of brown and black and red and black fight in a karate match.
A young boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background.
A red slide on the patio is next to a small swing set.
A horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off.
The jockey is trying not to fall off the horse.
Someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street.
A person in a polka dot outfit is handing out orange juice behind a caution area.
Someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street.
A woman is wearing a polka dot outfit, in the middle of a dangerous scene, passing out orange juice.
Three men in Soldier dress and helmets stand with guns outside of a building.
There are people avoiding traffic on a busy New York street.
Someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him.
A person with a long object stands on one side of a wall and a balloon floats on the other side.
First Lady Laura Bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the White House Conference on Global Literacy.
Laura Bush is giving a talk about the importance of literacy to young people.
A bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city.
A gentleman with no chest hair, wrangles his way through a toilet seat.
A young boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer- he is holding a wooden toy that can be spun between your hands and launched into the air.
A young boy stands at the chalkboard to answer a math problem.
A person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater lab as a scuba diver assists.
A female astronaut adjusting to the feeling of low gravity by training underwater.
A young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in London.
A young man waits outdoors in London on a bench.
Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone.
A man is laying on the couch as he talks on the phone.
A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water.
The man is spraying water on the rubble so that it doesn't get too dusty as the building is demolished.
Female beach volleyball players on either side of a net, with one looking to spike the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background.
One player on the women's beach volleyball team jumps to spike the ball as her teammate looks on.
A young gymnast looks back at the audience, trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before starting her performance.
A gymnast nervously scans a crowd for her parents before performing the routine that will reveal she hadn't been attending her lessons.
A young gymnast looks back at the audience, trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before starting her performance.
Luchadores force all other athletes off a competition field with their furious grappling.
A man wearing a black cap is suspended in the air on a swing, as children are swinging on a swing set.
The man in the black hat is sitting on a park bench watching the kids swing.
A man wearing a black cap is suspended in the air on a swing, as children are swinging on a swing set.
The man in the black hat is about to jump off the swing to impress the kids.
Two men in workers' gear and colorful hard hats standing on board what appears to be a large ship, next to some very large machinery.
two men are sitting by the pool next to machinery on the boat.
There are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them.
Treasure hunters flock to an estate sale, with a lot of antique furniture for sale.
There are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them.
A happy couple share a picnic basket for a lunch date at the park.
A bicycle rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bike past the wire fence at the edge of a field, with a stand of trees in the background.
A bike rider wearing racing gear pedals a bike past the fence.
A blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it.
A blond woman is holding a camera and looking at a wall with several pieces of sharks on it.
Two children are looking through a telescope on a city street, and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass.
Two children are looking through a telescope together at a city street.
Two children are looking through a telescope on a city street, and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass.
Two children are testing out their new telescope and seeing what they can see on the street.
A man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor.
a guy in brown jumps up in a room with a  wood floor.
A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive men in red jump up to block the shot.
A basketball player is trying to make a shot while two players try to block it.
A man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance.
A man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a pizza delivery van rides beside him in the distance.
a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball.
a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball after a penalty.
a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball.
a football player gets ready to throw the ball.
An older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars.
An old man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper that is full of clothes on his handlebars.
Five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting.
At a rock concert, the audience screams and cries at the handsome singer and his bass guitarist.
Four men are sitting in front of two large windows; one man is playing a guitar, one is playing the bongo drums, and two are sitting back without instruments.
The four men sitting in front of the two windows belong to a band.
A woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.
A man wearing a bathing suit is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.
A woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.
A woman wearing a striped wrap and a hat is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.
A couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons.
The couple is trying to figure out who the person across the street is who is holding the camera.
An older, barefoot boy is talking to a younger, shirtless boy in flip flips in the middle of the street.
An older brother is talking to his younger brother in the middle of the street.
A gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof.
Two men are sitting on the grass next to a car.
A girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background.
A girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with light blue ropes.
A girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background.
A girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes.
A girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background.
A girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with white ropes.
A man holds a rope for a boy who's about to climb a wall.
There is a man holding a long rope for a boy climbing outdoors.
Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire.
Police are setting up blockades near a movie set where they film a fire scene.
Some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on a double-decker bus.
People wait to get on a double decker bus at night.
3 cyclists are racing ahead of a red BMW, with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants.
Cyclists are in a race on the part of the course that is on the highway.
A woman and child are on a boat and the woman is looking out into the ocean through a scope.
A lady and a child are on a boat and the lady is looking out into the ocean through a scope.
A man dressed as an angel balances a woman dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk.
A couple dressed in angel costumes are handing out leaflets on the sidewalk.
A single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles.
A single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans and a baseball cap wors on a roof of a house laying shingles.
A hand holds a strainer with a small amount of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background.
A hand holds a strainer, a family heirloom passed down from generation to generation.
A man in a short Mohawk and beard.
A man with a short Mohawk and beard stands outside.
A man in a military uniform is walking away from a line of military vehicles.
A military man is walking away from the line of military vehicles.
Two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball.
Two soccer players fight after the ball until one gets a penalty.
Two people are riding bicycles next to a building.
Two people are riding red bicycles next to a building.
At a table with an art camp pamphlet on it, a young woman and an older man are painting ceramics under the supervision of a blond woman wearing a name tag.
Two people are trying to finish up a project before an art contest.
A tan-skinned man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white phone.
 A young man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white large phone.
A man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape.
A man walks down the street with other people around.
A cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store.
A worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a restuarant.
An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky.
An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a red sky.
An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky.
An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a clear sky.
A cyclist in a red and white uniform is biking across a garage full of people.
There is a man riding a bicycle.
Two people walking outside in the woods in the winter time wearing jackets with hoods on them.
Two people are soaking up the sun in the summer time.
The little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk.
There are a lot of birds outside by the sidewalk.
A red Planet Hollywood bus carries many people including a man in an orange shirt and baseball cap, one woman wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera.
There is a bus carrying a lot of people on it.
A man in a blue plaid shirt with black pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand.
someone in a plaid shirt sits on a box with something in hand.
Two people are walking through a path with branches from neighboring trees overhead.
Two people are following a path outside that their grandfather paved 100 years ago.
Man walking down a brick sidewalk in a business suit reading a paper and smoking a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left.
The woman is a secret agent on mission to murder the man.
A man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone, another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches.
There is a busy intersection with a homeless man on the ground.
A woman in a long, dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter.
A woman is standing by a fire pit.
A rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head.
A rocker is doing soundcheck for his performance by speaking into the microphone.
A woman with a bag, talking on her cellphone, standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross.
A woman holding a bag, and talking on her cellphone, is standing on the corner of the street, waiting to cross.
A man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin, while standing in a room full of food donations.
A man dumping items from a bin to another bin to throw it in dry place.
A man wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices.
A man in rubber boots and a work apron is rubbing his face in between pulling floating objects.
A man wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices.
A worker pulls up his long boots before climbing onto the flotation device.
A woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw.
A woman prepares to shoot a free throw at the Staples Center.
A woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw.
A woman in a white and yellow baseball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw.
Two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say Polotie.
Two women are taking place in a protest by dressing as police.
Two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say Polotie.
Two women look like Police in similar jackets standing in the street.
A gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising Ironman.
An older man rides a bike in front of a bus with a movie poster on it.
A gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising Ironman.
An older man sits on a bus and watches people riding motorcycles.
The young man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard.
Someone is sitting outside waiting for a friend to arrive.
A group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the "Cyclone."
The group sits under a pavilion at an amusement part as rain pours down from the heavens.
A group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the "Cyclone."
A group from the local 4-H club enjoy a day at the local amusement part as part of their year-end celebration.
People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them.
People on a nature walk with no equipment and trees to the right of them.
People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them.
People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them hope to return to camp before sundown.
At an outdoor event on a large table, several workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food, with many squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground.
Workers preparing for a catered event, with several condiments lining the food table.
A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves.
A child sits on a wall writing a story of falling leaves.
A man in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background.
A man and women are sitting by the fire.
A man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage.
A man with long hair is acting like he is on a stage and is talking into a microphone.
A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest.
A male is surrounded with other human beings having a large snake around his chest.
A young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street.
A man in blue walks his scooter down a street.
Along a paved walkway outdoors, a person in a black windbreaker takes a photo of a multi-piece fish statue while a small white dog looks on.
Along a paved walkway outdoors, a person in a black windbreaker takes a picture of a fish statue while a small white dog looks on.
A man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.
A person in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.
A man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.
A sad man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.
A man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.
A woman in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.
A blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross.
Pedestrians wait for the tram to pass before crossing the street.
Two dirt bikers- one in black and red, sporting number 64, the other in blue and white displaying a red "21"- round the corner of a tree-lined track.
One man pushes the other man down the hill on the sled as onlookers laugh.
A road crew is working on a road with equipment around them.
A road crew in orange vests are working on a road with equipment around them.
This person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day.
The person is suddenly picked up by a strong gust of wind and slammed into the side of a building.
A little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail.
A kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels down to the park.
A young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby.
A girl in pigtails laughs as she throws bread crumbs to the pigeons.
Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal.
Red, and green teams are trying to get a soccer ball into a goal.
A woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground.
The woman in blue pants and shirt looks up at the truck with disgust, as she has never seen anything so dirty.
A woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground.
The truck that the woman in blue is standing next to could really use a good cleaning, as it's surrounded in mud.
A woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her.
A lady in black leather trench coat, with matching black leather boots walks away from the camera in her front with her bag strapped to her shoulders.
A woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her.
Some stars are walking past the paparazzis and getting into an awards building.
Two young girls, one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket, are playing in the snow and having a snowball fight in a clearing outside of a wooded area.
Two girls are playing and having a fight on the snow.
Two men wearing dingy blue clothing are doing their job on a boat.
Two men are driving a car in a forest.
A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass.
A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands.
A news crew in rain jackets standing in front of line of police tape outside of a residence.
A news crew's van has broken down, so they decide to stay home.
A gentleman with his eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone.
A lady with her eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone.
A young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun, seated on a bench.
A young woman is reading a Nicholas Sparks book on the beach.
An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential candidate and his running mate.
An Obama supporter is upset that the President lost his second term.
A kid dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay race.
A team of youths race to finish first in a relay race on a beach.
The man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign.
There is a man standing outside of a theater.
A man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street.
A man with a duffel bag walks with agirl pushing a cart down the street.
A man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street.
A man with a duffel bag walks along side a girl pushing a cart down a busy street.
A man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street.
A man with a breif case stands near a corner as a woman walks past.
A white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a red uniform while the two play soccer on a green field.
A man pushing away another man on the soccer field because he pushed him first.
A young boy dressed in black and green is laying down in a tent outside with items surrounding him.
A boy lays down in front of the tent he put up.
An older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas.
An older looking couple is riding in the back of a taxi in the middle of a city.
A girl in a purple top, baggy pants and sneakers is blowing a kiss, while another girl in black watches.
A girl is blowing a kiss to a boy while someone watches.
Casually dressed young males and females are sitting and laying on a grassy area with bicycles and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day.
A bunch of people are hanging out in the park in the middle of classes.
A bike is parked against a window to a store called Winter Sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background.
There is a computer with people seated nearby and a woman standing nearby them inside Winter Sport, which is a store with a bike next to it.
A bike is parked against a window to a store called Winter Sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background.
A woman rides her bike away from a store.
An elderly firefighter in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out.
A firefighter is holding a fire hose with water comping out.
An elderly firefighter in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out.
A firefighter in an orange suit is trying to put out a fire with the fire hose he is holding.
Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard.
The dogs wanted to find the end of the fence, but it seemed to keep on going, always turning into yet another stretch of distance.
A man falling off a bull as the animal jumps into the air.
A boy struggles to hold on to a bull as it twirls and jumps.
A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting.
A small child dressed for winter stares across a floating lake while leaning on a mesh fence.
A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting.
A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence.
A small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting.
A small child dressed for winter stares across a large lake while leaning on a mesh fence.
An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background.
An old elephant in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him.
An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background.
An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him.
An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background.
An ugly old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him.
A man on one miniature train passes a circular object to a man on another train as they pass by.
Two trains of different sizes but following each other side by side going to opposing directions.
Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail.
Four people are walking along a mountain trail trying to get down before the storm.
A silver car is passing by the entrance of the Hotel Carmel, and several people are outside.
There is a red car passing the entrance of the Hotel Carmel.
A man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls.
Man sitting at a tarot card shop, waiting for his palm to be read.
A male baseball player for the baseball team The Indians prepares to catch a ball.
The Indians are planning to get out of baseball and into theater if this man fails to catch the ball.
A young blond child wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background.
A child looks at birds in the sky outside of of a bridge.
Two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into a body of water.
Pebbles are being thrown into a body of water by two boys.
A man on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by.
A man on the sidewalk performs a mime act while angry people glare at him.
A man on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by.
A homeless street musician tries to earn enough to money to survive.
A little kid in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball.
A boy is getting filthy while playing in the wreckage of a fallen building.
A woman in a white shirt inspects a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival.
A woman checks for a stain on her son's shirt at the festival.
One child in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 children are on their knees.
The children are enjoying a surprise snowday off from school in the middle of April.
A man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by.
There is a man running through a green field.
A man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by.
There is a man in black outside on a busy sidewalk.
Four small children playing in the courtyard of a large building made out of clay or sand.
Four children who live in a large building are in the courtyard playing.
A woman wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her cellphone.
A woman has her cell phone up to her ear.
Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post.
The San Francisco 49ers cheerleaders perform in a dark basement.
